the Fuji Altamira is built for the stage
racer it's built for the competition
road racer and the performance oriented
rider that's looking for the ultimate in
carbon-fiber performance it combines all
the characteristics of precise handling
and geometry very extreme lightweight
competitive level of stiffness and is
your true climber your true road racers
dream bike the Fuji Altamira is one of
the most proven bikes in the Fuji line
in terms of competition road race wins
from winning the 2011 Vuelta a Espana to
stage wins in the Tour of California and
the 2013 well toe this bike is proven to
go the extra mile from a tapered head
tube full carbon fork carbon dropouts a
large oversized down tube a massive
bottom bracket area built around the
Shimano stress in BB 86 system large
oversized chainstays ending in carbon
dropouts delivers the maximum power
transfer from the head tube all the way
to the rear wheel through the chain
stays for the fastest stiffest
accelerating bike this frame exhibits
the highest level of carbon fiber used
in the Fuji arsenal with C 15 carbon
which uses high compaction molding in
the bottom bracket and head tube area
high compaction molding is a internal
process used on the inside of the frame
to and control the tolerances and to
increase the literally the compaction of
the molding and some of the highest
stress areas of the frame the head tube
in the bottom bracket this gives you
lighter weight greater stiffness and
overall strength and durability far
superior to a frame without this
technology the top half of the bike is
built completely around lightweight and
compliance with a much more slender top
tube and very thin stays which absorb
the maximum amount of Road vibration
adding to compliance so that day after
day in the saddle the bike is a
performer and allows you to perform at
your maximum
the Ultima provides a more neutral
position than the SST allowing you
greater flexibility for fit and
performance reasons than the SST and
gives you a more competitive fit and
more competitive geometry than a grande
fondo the Alta Mira is named after the
ultimate caves and Cantabria and Spain
the Alta Mira caves housed some of the
oldest examples of literally the oldest
example of human expression from 40,000
years ago known to mankind the Fuji
Ultima represents a major step forward
in the development of Fuji bicycles the
name of the Fuji Altamira is based in
the northern regions of Spain Fuji's
roots in professional cycling are deep
and some of our best years both in terms
of winning races and also in terms of
product development in the ultimate
laboratory that is the pro peloton took
place in northern Spain the rule proof
of the performance advantages of the
Alta Mira came in September 2011 when
the Alta Mira won the wealth espana with
Juan Jose Kobo
the Ultima is the ultimate choice for
the competition road rider the stage
racer and the weekend warrior who wants
to win the next bunch sprint